add address docs, minor domain model fixes (#75)
MiSArch/docs: docs/docs/dev-manuals/services/address.mdx

    - `db/migration/`: Flyway SQL schema migration files

</div>

## Defined Events

This section lists events that are defined by the address service and can be used by other services.

### Published Defined Events

#### address/user-address/created

This event is published when a new user address is created.

```js
{
  "id": "string",
  "street1": "string",
  "street2": "string",
  "city": "string",
  "postalCode": "string",
  "country": "string",
  "companyName": "string | undefined",
  "userId": "string"
}
```

#### address/vendor-address/created

This event is published when a new vendor address is created.

```js
{
  "id": "string",
  "street1": "string",
  "street2": "string",
  "city": "string",
  "postalCode": "string",
  "country": "string",
  "companyName": "string | undefined"
}
```

#### address/user-address/archived

This event is published when a user address is archived.

```js
{
  "id": "string"
}
```

### Subscribed Defined Events

n/a

## Imported Events

This section lists events defined by other services that are used by the address service.

### Published Imported Events

n/a

### Subscribed Imported Events

> - [user/user/created](/docs/docs/dev-manuals/services/user#userusercreated): Used to import `User` from the `User` bounded context.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [user/user/created](/docs/docs/dev-manuals/services/user#userusercreated): Used to validate that addresses belong to an existing users 
```
